WRO-3211: Fix `enact test --watch` is not working (#273)
enactjs/cli: CHANGELOG.md

## unreleased

### test

> * Fixed `jest-watch-typeahead` version for using `--watch` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `--watch` option is not working by fixing the version of `jest-watch-typeahead` to `0.6.5`.
```
